70 Open the Eighth Original Treasure
Master's cultivation has broken through to rank 8
Can open a new treasure
The eighth original treasure opens
Congratulations to the master for obtaining the primordial supreme body
Primitive Supreme Body of Criminal Law
Are there really immortals in this world?
I don't know about this either.
However, after the successful cultivation of this primitive supreme body
The cultivation of the ancients will be automatically upgraded to the ninth rank
And fade away
From now on, there is no disease and no scale
And can master a move of immortal magic and all things return together
All things go together
What is this trick
All things return together with the help of the power of heaven and earth
Power is no small matter
Combination Compare Food Supreme 5 Wins Full Strike
Okay, just in time.
Gate of Mysterious Luxury
No end
All things go together
Cosmic Xuanhuang
Hold on.
I believe Wuji can think of a way to break the formation
dying struggle
I'd like to see how you break it
I, the kings of the ten parties, will destroy me
You've been so evil so far
Aren't you afraid of dzi beads?
Dzi beads hahaha
I'd like to see where this dzi bead is
Personnel is worth the commission
Wuji, do you have a solution?
Don't worry, leave it to me.
Sign for me
Don't you want dzi beads?
Now here comes the dzi beads
Just by your right
Just rely on me Ye Wuji
All things go together